[Music]
hello guys and welcome back to my
channel I am in Istanbul with my friend
Maha and I am so so excited to be here
it's my very first time in Turkey I've
already gotten a little Peak into the
city because yesterday I was here by
myself because maa's flight got
cancelled last minute she was at the
airport and we were supposed to meet
here on Friday today it's Sunday so we
only have 2 days to explore this huge
City but guys yesterday I went to a
breakfast spot and I just ordered some
food when all of a sudden a girl in like
a friend group came up to me and she
recognized me from YouTube and Instagram
she was so so lovely and she introduced
me to her husband and to her friend and
we sat outside the cafe and we chatted
and we got to know each other they're
all from turkey and living in Istanbul
so I of course got a lot of local tips
which was amazing and later Ashen and
her husband Ali took me on a tour around
the neighborhood which was so sweet and
I'm honestly just so grateful to have
met them we also just got along so well
because she is also a content creator
and her husband is a videographer and we
were shooting some content together and
it was so so much fun so yeah that was a
little story from yesterday and then
Maha finally arrived yesterday's evening
and we went to have some kop we actually
didn't go to sleep until like 3:00 in
the morning because we were just
chatting for hours but we can't wait to
explore this incredible City we already
have planned out the day a bit but we're
also just going to go with the flow and
see how the day goes okay guys your
favorite girl is
here we're
reunited in
isan it's been a while since we've been
together so we are really really excited
for today we have a tight schedule yeah
we have to see so many things so we need
to get going but I wanted to show you
guys a little tour of the apartment yeah
it's really nice and we have a big
balcony with lots of sunlight so yeah
I'm going to show you guys so this is
the living area or living room and it
leads to a beautiful big
Terrace or a balcony oh very nice to
have some sunlight in the
morning then we go
into it's like we're showing our luxury
V or
something bathroom
bathroom and our beds yeah we would have
preferred like a a big bed for us
together but this was okay it works it
[Music]
works we are out and about and we are
going to have some Turkish breakfast
really excited to
try some authentic Turkish food and
Turkish coffee oh yes and Turkish tea as
well yeah yeah yeah I thought I should
show you guys what we are wearing
[Music]
today they just handed us this turkey
tea and we didn't even order it so we're
very excited to try
[Music]
the Turkish breakfast did not disappoint
no it was super good oh my God and the
waiter was so so sweet and he brought so
much food I was like when is it going to
stop oh my goodness we sat for like an
hour just eating and like so many
different dishes like olives something
sweet also a lot of things that we were
like ah this tastes like Feta but it's a
bit different or this is like this and
the Turkish coffee was also very good it
was like a strong Americano we are like
stuffed right now we have been eating so
much so much good food and now we are
just going to walk around in the
neighborhood that we are staying in
we're going to check out the Galata
Tower yeah I also spotted a really cool
like vintage store yesterday with lots
and lots of sunglasses and we are both
wanting a new pair of sunglasses and I
really think we are going to find a cool
pair of wintage like sunnies there so
that's like our plan for now yeah
[Music]
this is literally sunglass heaven I'm
not even kidding guys he has so many
cool frames here
[Music]
we bought
sunglasses they look so good on M I have
so few sunlasses I I never wear them
like these look so good I love these
hopefully mine are a bit like funky a
little bit different I really like them
super cool I actually spotted them like
yesterday and I was like I need to come
here tomorrow and Vlog it because I
wanted to show you
[Music]
guys we just walked over the Galata
bridge and the views were Immaculate so
beautiful yeah we are now in the sulan
was it called T we're trying to learn a
bit of Turkish here supposedly are a lot
of historical marks a lot of mosks and
we're just going to explore this area a
lot of history is here so and a lot of
people lots and lots of people oh my God
and it's so warm outside
[Music]
we are going to visit the Hagia sopia
Grand Mosque and this is my first time
going to a mosque so I think mine also
actually yeah so we are quite interested
to see how it's inside and just learn
about you know everything around history
history architecture yeah so let's go
inside
[Music]
we just sat down to have some afternoon
snack we bought a lemonade and simit
it's a bread that is in this circle and
it has a lot of sesame seeds we're going
to try them
out sesame seeds yeah it tastes a lot
like sesame seeds it's I like bread yeah
it's it's good it's okay the lemonade is
very good yeah it's very fresh because
super warm now yeah so that was very
needed mhm
[Music]
okay so next destination is Egyptian
Bazar where they sell like spices yeah
it's huge yeah we're really excited to
go there and explore because we've heard
really great things about this Market
yeah so let's see what we'll find
[Music]
we got some hot tea I have a pineapple
and I have pomegranate m it's very good
cheers
cheers it's really good okay we need to
switch both are so good so fresh yeah
very and there's no sugar in them no
they use Stevia so oh yeah nice and then
we also got
um pistachio oh my favorite but I
haven't tried this one before but I love
pistachios so okay
try I that it's not too sweet and it has
lots ofio flavor
[Music]
M it was so much fun to explore the
bazaar the market and there were so many
different stores selling all types of
things we bought some Turkish delight
I've never tried them me neither have
you guys seen like Narnia the movie have
you seen it yeah yeah yeah it's just
like yeah the ice lady like the ice
queen or something she has it in the
bucket I don't know if that's like
Turkish delight but it's like I always
wanted to try it when I was a k I was
like I know it's so good so I've been
wanting to try it and uh so we bought a
bit of that and then we tried The
Baklava like you guys saw but the guys
at the store were like really really
cute sweet really sweet us yeah they
gave uh lucky charm or like this evil
eye yeah it's going to protect us from
from any like evil energy I guess they
were so really really
[Music]
sweet we just saw the most insane Sunset
and I don't know in Denmark we don't get
this beautiful sunsets I don't know it's
so strange we're sharing the same sun
and we're like experiencing it all
differently but here it was incredible
yeah and I think tomorrow we are maybe
going to try and order like a river
cruise or something like we did in
Budapest because the views here are yeah
stunning and it was so nice in Budapest
to see it from Seaside you know like
point of view it like gives you also
like a different perspective of the city
and when we don't have a lot of time
it's like nice to see how big the city
is and see the different parts and
everything yeah definitely so tomorrow
we might do that but now we are going to
have some dinner we are probably going
to have some Turkish food we are just
trying to figure out where to go so
we're just walking in the kcoy
neighborhood I think it's called we
walked over the Galata Bridge so now we
are just trying to figure out where to
eat
[Music]
yes we are back home after our lovely
dinner it was so nice we were actually
very surprised we weren't expecting this
type of like view over the city it was
incredible we should have like arrived a
bit earlier though for the sun because
for the sunset it was getting a bit too
dark but still we enjoyed it so much and
now we wanted to do a little taste test
because I just realized we didn't try
them before so we're going to dig in
yeah they're like cute oh my godo gooey
gooey okay cheers
it's actually quite good I like I was
kind of like my God joing on it but it
is kind of like Nar actually how also
you like I think they use yeah I I would
guess so yeah we need to Google it we're
going to be so happy that we've tried
the nnia
candy I'm like impressed I like the
consistency it's quite fun I was
expecting because I how it looks I was
like I don't think I'm going to like it
but then actually it's it's nice it's
okay thank you for tuning in we're going
to go to sleep for the taste test and uh
we'll see you guys tomorrow another day
we're very excited we're going to
explore the Asian side we've heard some
you know fun things about that part of
the city it's definitely different yeah
because we could definitely feel the
difference between the area that we're
staying in now and after we got to like
the other side of the city like over the
Gada Bridge yeah yeah yeah yeah I don't
know like the atmosphere was totally
different like a lot more tourism and um
yeah it was just kind of yeah different
yeah different vibe good night guys and
we'll see you
[Music]
tomorrow we made it out of the house we
are on our way to have breakfast at a
cafe called Cafe 6 the weather is really
nice we woke up a bit earlier than
yesterday because we wanted to explore
the whole day so let's go and have some
coffee
[Music]
breakfast I ordered CH it's a poached
eggs and a peut bread and some sauteed
spinach and I think garlic yogurt or
something and it looks really really
nice I ordered the granola with pear
compost and banana looks nice very nice
cute and I SP M I was craving coffee but
I just didn't feel like it would fit
with like this Savory dish so instead I
ordered a lemonade it's really good and
it matches my dress matches my hair what
[Music]
we just took some pictures in the photo
boo it's kind of funny and we weren't
like prepared at all for the first one
we were like like 3 two
one I think you know it's just a memory
and it's fun to cute and we got two we
got two which was really nice we are
just walking around here in this
neighborhood we are going to check out a
store like an antique store that we
have saved on the map and I think we're
just going to walk around a bit and then
in a few hours or like I don't know when
we are going to take the ferry over to
the Asian side we are really excited to
explore the other side of the city
[Music]
the heat is really getting to us it's
really really warm outside I think it's
probably like 30° or something probably
more but like in between there comes
Like This breeze so it's quite like
beable we can't complain we just went
into like the most amazing like antique
store that had so much like jewelry and
cool like bracelets and necklaces and oh
I really wanted the black beaded
necklace that I tried on we didn't have
cash on hand yeah we didn't end up
buying them but I think we're going to
regret it one day we are now walking
over the Gada Bridge again and we are
now going to take the ferry over to the
Asian side so we're just going to a
terminal I guess yeah woohoo
[Music]
we have arrived in Asia oh my God I
can't believe that this city is divided
into two continents and I didn't know
that before like coming here it
definitely feels different here than the
European side and we're excited to see
what's going on here we are kind of in
desperate need of some hydration and
maybe something to eat we've been like
walking and it's very warm but yeah it's
a bit more local here we feel like a bit
more touristic on the other side but
let's see we'll find out
[Music]
woohoo oh that's a good car of iced
latte m very good so yummy
[Music]
wow we did a bit of shopping I ended up
buying the leather jacket that I tried
on I was like in between because I own a
leather jacket but this one was so
different this one is a little bit more
like a Blazer and just like a little bit
more fitted and I really really like
wearing leather jackets so I know that
I'm going to be using this one a lot and
M I bought very cute shorts they're
really cute yeah summer yeah and then
the green dress oh she looked gorgeous
in that dress she's actually going to
switch and wear it now yeah because we
want to take some nice pictures so yeah
she's going to change and we're going to
try and find a place to eat she's
craving some durum we're going to see if
we can find a nice place to have dinner
at I don't know if we're going to do it
here in the Asian side or if we will go
back Europe yeah we'll see
[Music]
we made it back to kcoy and now we are
searching for a fish wrap that we are
kind of craving we wanted to try it
[Music]
out we got our fish wraps and now we are
going to taste them
okay oh my God the fish is very crunchy
oh my goodness so many
flavors wow it's really good after taste
is like more spicy it like oh my
goodness okay I'm
impressed you need to check out this
place if you are in a sunb oh my God
there's a cat here hello that's
something I love about isan buul because
it's like filled with kitty cats yeah
everywhere so so cute they feed them and
then give them water so I think just the
people living here like Turkish people
like take really good care of the cats
here so it's very beautiful well guys I
really hope you guys enjoyed watching
our Istanbul Vlog and remember to go and
follow M on Instagram and Tik Tok I will
link it down below we really enjoyed our
trip here in istan bu it's been so
amazing it's so different from anything
I've ever experienced and this city is
so beautiful and I mean we just had so
much fun and we ate so much good food it
was a a short trip but I feel like we
kind of got to experience it quite well
like yeah get a good idea of the city I
yeah but maybe next time we will like
stay for a bit longer if we want to like
you know be able to because it's such a
big city yeah so yeah thank you so much
for watching and I will see you next
week bye
[Music]